

 
Christian E. Dutton 
(470) 658-8006 | christianedutton@gmail.com | US Citizen 
 
Objective     
To obtain an internship for summer 2026 where I can use the experience gained from my previous engineering experiences and my 
coursework to grow my skillset as an aspiring computer engineer. 
 
Education     
Georgia Institute of Technology | Atlanta, GA     August 2025 – Present 
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering, GPA 4.00   Expected Graduation, May 2028 
 
Skills     
Programming:  Java (Gradle), Python, C/C++, C#, JavaScript, React, RISC-V Assembly, Matlab, SystemVerilog 
Platforms:  Linux (Ubuntu, Debian, RedHat), Windows, Azure Cloud 
Hardware:  Raspberry Pi, Arduino, FPGAs, oscilloscope, logic analyzer, ESP32 
Software Tools/Technologies:  Android Studio, Altera Quartus II, SolidWorks, Git, GitHub, SQLite, OAuth 
Communication:  Technical reports, instruction manuals, presentations (large and small audiences) 
 
Experience     
Siemens Energy | Alpharetta, Georgia   August 2024 – May 2025 
Controls Engineering Intern   
• Engineered control systems for power plants using Siemens Energy T3000 
• Simulated theoretical scenarios to test control logic and ensure correct behavior 
• Designed user interfaces that allow operators seamless and efficient control over their plant 
• Communicated with clients to develop personalized controls software to fit their preferences 
• Validated software and hardware integration to ensure functionality and compliance with client specifications 
 
Relevant Coursework     
Digital Design:  CMOS Logic, Gate Level Design, FPGA Programming 
Circuit Analysis:  Linear, First Order, and Second Order Circuits, Op-Amps, Circuit Design, Multimeters 
Data Structures & Algorithms:  Arrays, Linked Lists, BSTs, Sorting Algorithms, String Searching, Dijkstra’s Algorithm, Graph Traversal 
Signal Processing:  Sampling, Fourier Transform, z-Transform, FIR/IIR Filters, Matlab 
Programming HW/SW Systems:  Assembly Programming in RISC-V, Using ESP32 chips, Programming in C/C++ 
 
Activities     
Journey to Arduous Star   Fall 2025 - Present  
Lead Programmer 
A project within the video game development club, VGDev, at Georgia Tech.  
• Coordinated with other team leads to keep the project on schedule and within scope throughout the semester. 
• Reviewed code and provided feedback to grow other members of the team and integrate their work with the project. 
• Designed and wrote finite state machine logic for the characters within the game to function smoothly and efficiently. 
• Analyzed the codebase to eliminate bugs as they were discovered, improving playability for the users. 
 
FIRST Robotics    Spring 2023 - Present 
Volunteer 
Non-profit that runs educational robotics competitions for elementary-middle school (FIRST Lego League) and high school (FIRST 
Robotics Competition) 
• Served as a referee for numerous FIRST Lego League competitions where I had to interact with and mentor teams. 
• Added to the positive environment of the tournament as a public facing volunteer. 
• Assisted with FIRST Robotics competition tournaments as both field staff and an AV technician. 
• Ensured the smooth operation of said tournament by being adaptable to any situations and roles. 